feat: create cappconfig CRD instead of relying on configmaps (#246)
dana-team/container-app-operator: README.md

### Change target autoscaler default values

> The `autoscalerConfig` is defined within a `CappConfig CRD` called `capp-config`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The `autoscalerConfig` is defined within a `CappConfig` named `capp-config` in the namespaces of the controller.
```
